big big
reslove resolve
curret current
robotics robotics
combined combined
combubed combined
robed robbed
stir stir
aleece alice
reobust robust
poteriori posterior
miniizes minimizes
robbot robot
hbo hbo
cost cost
function function
accomodate accommodate
accomodation accommodate
acheive achieve
accross across
agression aggressive
apparantly apparently
appearence appearance
arguement argument
assasination assassination
basicly basically
begining beginning
believe belive
bizzare bizarre
buisness business
calender calendar
Carribean Caribbean
cemetary cemetery
chauffer chauffeur
collegue colleague
comming coming
commitee committee
completly completely
concious conscious
curiousity curiosity
definately definitely
dilemna dilemma
dissapear disappear
dissapoint disappoint
ecstacy ecstasy
embarass embarrass
enviroment environment
existance existence
Farenheit Fahrenheit
familar familiar
finaly finally
florescent fluorescent
foriegn foreign
forseeable foreseeable
fourty forty
foward forward
freind friend
futher further
jist gist
glamourous glamorous
goverment government
gaurd guard
happend happened
harrassment harass
honourary honorary
humourous humorous
idiosyncracy idiosyncrasy
immediatly immediately
incidently incidentally
independant independent
interupt interrupt
irresistable irresistible
knowlege knowledge
liason liaise
lollypop lollipop
millenia millennium
Neandertal Neanderthal
neccessary necessary
noticable noticeable
occassion occasion
occuring occurred
occurence occurrence
pavillion pavilion
persistant persistent
pharoah pharaoh
peice piece
politican politician
Portugese Portuguese
posession possession
prefering preferred
propoganda propaganda
publically publicly
realy really
recieve receive
refering referred
religous religious
remeber remember
resistence resistance
sence sense
seperate separate
seige siege
succesful successful
supercede supersede
suprise surprise
tatoo tattoo
tendancy tendency
therefor therefore
threshhold threshold
tommorrow tomorrow
tounge tongue
truely truly
unforseen unforeseen
unfortunatly unfortunately
untill until
wierd weird
whereever wherever
wich which